In other videos, we've seen how to build
a full deck from scratch and edit it
with precision.
Now, let's look at a few more ways to
work with Claude in PowerPoint. From
uploading reference files to connecting
live data and reading back an existing
deck.
You can upload files using the plus
button.
Like a research report, data export, or
internal analysis.
And Claude will pull relevant
information into properly formatted
slides.
This is useful when you're building a
presentation from multiple source
documents.
You can also bring in contacts through
connectors. Integrations with tools like
Google Drive, Notion, or Confluence that
let Claude read and write to those
platforms directly. Any connectors
you've set up in Claude AI carry over to
the add-in.
>> [music]
>> Claude can pull data from a connected
source to build slides and write back to
those tools when you're done.
Claude can read an entire presentation
and summarize the argument it's making
slide by slide.
If someone shares a deck before a
meeting, you can ask Claude targeted
questions.
What data sources [music] are cited on
slide seven?
Or does this deck address regulatory
risk?
Claude will search the content and give
you a direct answer.
Claude accelerates your work while
keeping you in control of the output.
>> [music]
>> Claude respects your template. It reads
the slide master, layouts, fonts, and
color schemes and uses them
consistently.
>> [music]
>> But for complex or heavily customized
templates, always verify that the output
matches your organization's brand
guidelines. [music]
For sensitive or regulated content,
follow your organization's data handling
policies.
Whether you're building a board deck
from scratch,
adding a section to a client
deliverable,
converting a text-heavy draft into
something visual,
or reviewing a deck before a meeting,
Deck can help you move faster.
It handles the mechanical work, slide
generation, formatting, [music]
layout, restructuring, so you can focus
on the story you're trying to tell.